# Minutes of WLUG AGM 2019 - 25 November 2019

## Present:

  - Rod Aldridge
  - Tom Butz
  - Lawrence D’Oliveiro
  - Roger Hardy
  - Jacob Pouw-Waas
  - Peter Reutemann
  - Jeff Seymour
  - Ian Stewart
  - Tony Templer
  - John Thompson
  - Ian Young

## Apologies:

  - Chris O'Halloran

## Meeting:

The AGM commenced at 7:55pm.

## Minutes for AGM 2018

The minutes for the 26 November 2018 AGM were read. Also read were the
minutes for the SGM’s held on 25 February 2019 and 25 March 2019.

Peter accepted all minutes as true accounts of the meetings and John
seconded.

## President's Report

Peter thanked our sponsors for 2019. These were Professor David
Bainbridge, Waikato University Computer Science Dept., for providing the
meeting room. RimuHosting for providing the hosting of our web-site and
Daniel Lawson for providing hosting for the WLUG wiki.

Also thanked were our members Tony, Jeff and Rod, for continuing to
provide the beverages and snacks at our meetings. Additionally thanked
was Judith Willson, at ASB (Waikato Uni Campus), who assists us with our
bank transactions.

A variety of presentations were delivered at our 2019 meetings and
topics included: 2D animations, OpenWRT, Termux application for Andriod,
Antix Linux, Nagios, package generation, Galium OS, bluetooth attacks,
e-mail grey listing, CUPS printing.

The use of meetup.com to advertise our WLUG meetings seems to be
effective in having new people interested in the topic of the month
attend. Peter suggested we continue using the meetup.com service. See
the General Business section for further discussion.

Members dropped from 15 to 12, but we are still financially OK.

Orcon payments have become directly debited and Meetup payments are
sorted out with help from Judith at ASB.

Peter moved that President's report be adopted and Rod agreed.

## Treasurer's Report

Ian prepared and presented the Treasurer's Report. We had a small profit
for the year. At present our income through subscriptions covers our
regular expenses of continuing our domain name registration and use of
Meetup.com.

As our financial year is from 1st January to 31st December it becomes an
issue if we deliver the Treasurer’s Report in November, and then are
required to do a transaction in December. See the General Business
section for further discussion.

Ian moved the Treasurer's Report be accepted and Peter agreed.

## Election of Committee for 2020

The following Officers and Committee members were elected. There were no
changes from 2019.

Officers:

  - President: Peter Reutemann. Nominated by Rod.
  - Vice President: Chris O'Halloran. Nominated by Peter.
  - Treasurer: Tony Templer. Nominated by Ian.
  - Secretary: Ian Stewart. Nominated by Tony.

Committee:

  - Tom Butz. Nominated by Peter.
  - Rod Aldridge. Nominated by Ian.
  - Lawrence D’Oliverio. Nominated by Ian.

## General Business Agenda

## 1. Change the Date of the AGM

To ensure accuracy of the Treasurer’s Report it was suggested that the
date of the AGM be changed to the fourth Monday of the month of January.
A financial year will continue to be from 1st January until 31st
December. There will then be a four week period in January in which
transactions for the financial year may be finalised before having the
AGM. For example, the 2020 Financial Year AGM will be held on Monday,
25th January 2021.

Changing the AGM to be the first month of the following year does not
require any change to the current Rules.

Peter proposed moving the AGM move to the January after the end of the
financial year. Tony seconded.

## 2. Meetup.com and *GetTogether*

We have been using the US based Meetup.com to provide the web-based
services to promote our WLUG meetings. This is a professional service
for which we were charged almost sixty dollars for the 2019 year. It is
possible these costs may increase in the future.

Peter has found that *GetTogether* provides a similar service and
currently do not have any charges. Peter has created an account for WLUG
at *GetTogether*. Peter delivered a presentation on creating the WLUG
team on *GetTogether* at their web-site https://gettogether.community

Peter suggested we continue using Meetup for the next year, and also use
*GetTogether* in parallel. WLUG members are encouraged to open accounts
on *GetTogether* web-site and join the WLUG team.

A review of both Meetup and *GetTogether* will be performed at the 2020
AGM.

## 3. Crypto Currency

Ian suggested that WLUG could set aside some funds and convert them to
some crypto-currencies. As an on-going hobby we would perform a brief
review these crypto-currency amounts at each WLUG meeting. The objective
being for members to gain a better understanding of the various aspects
of crypto-currency.

Using WLUG funds was rejected, but if anyone is performing
crypto-currency transactions as a hobby and don’t mind disclosing their
status, then there is interest in having regular presentations of how
these hobby-level investments are performing, etc.

## Meeting:

The AGM concluded at 9:25 pm and pizzas were consumed.


This document was converted from tikiwiki to gfm (github format markdown) format by Ian Stewart. 2022-02-08.
This is 2019-11-25/README.md file
